Hey granddaughter
What the hell is this charter for?
I don't know.
Oh, he said he worked part-time.
How is it possible to work part-time?
Could he have made a pendant?
But this pomp and this battle
Even if it is to do order, I think it is a blessing that has been cultivated in eight lifetimes
So envious
Tell me what's the matter with me
I want you to be my bodyguard
How can a man become inferior to others?
how
Don't you want revenge?
Yang Bingbing and Zhao Zipeng's feud, I think you will never forget it in your life
As long as you are my bodyguard
In Hainan City
I'm sure no one would dare touch a finger on you
OK, I promise you to report tomorrow